All people should have Universal Basic Income.
All student loan debt should be eliminated.
Alternative energy can effectively replace fossil fuels.
Alternative medicines should be banned.
Animals should have the same rights as humans.
Are New Year's resolutions worthwhile?
Are friends better than family?
Are online privacy protections more important than safety?
Are robots going to increase the quality of life?
Are student loans exploitative?
Artificial intelligence is dangerous.
Boarding school is harmful to students.
Can animal testing be justified?
Can censorship ever be justified?
Capitalism is an inherently flawed political ideology.
Churches should pay taxes.
College should be free for everyone.
Communism is an inherently flawed political ideology.
Companies should be required to hire 49.97% male and 49.97% female employees.
The carbon tax would be effective for combatting climate change.
Cosmetic procedures should be covered by health insurance.
Detention should be abolished.
Do you need homework in order to learn?
Does free will exist?
Does social media improve or impede communication?
Elementary schools should all teach another language.
Everyone should be vegetarian.
Fast food should be banned in schools.
Genetically modified foods (GMOs) should be banned.
Girls should be actively encouraged to enter STEM fields.
Governments should invest in alternative energy sources.
Has social media benefitted or harmed people’s social lives?
Healthcare should be universal.
Homeschooling is better than traditional schooling.
Homework should be banned.
Human cloning should be legalized.
Humans should invest in technology to explore and colonize other planets.
Individuals should own their own DNA.
Is AI art really art?
Is Hamlet truly mad?
Is a hot dog a sandwich?
Is breakfast important?
Is cyberbullying worse than face-to-face bullying?
Is graffiti art?
Is it immoral for people to own pets?
Is it important to explore outer space?
Is it ok to end friendships over politics?
Is it okay for parents to confiscate teenagers' mobile phones?
Is it okay for parents to share photos of their kids on social media?
Is pre-modern art as good as modern/post-modern art?
Is war ever justifiable?
Marijuana should be legalized.
Nuclear energy is the solution to the over-consumption of fossil fuels.
Online schooling is the way of the future.
Schools should teach LGBT+ inclusive sex education?
Sex work should be legal.
Should "victimless crimes" remain illegal?
Should European countries pay reparations to their former colonies in the developing world?
Should citizens try to sue corporations and governments over climate change?
Should coding be a required subject in school?
Should e-scooters be allowed in city centers?
Should foreign intervention be used to protect women's rights?
Should humans colonize other planets?
Should individuals assume responsibility for climate change?
Should internet service be nationalized?
Should more students attend community college?
Should people be able to own personal vehicles?
Should people break unjust laws?
Should public transport be free?
Should the voting age be lowered to 16?
Should there be a strict definition of art?
Should there be a universal basic income?
Should we allow weapons in outer space?
Should we create artificial wombs for humans?
Should we ever use force to create peace?
Should we shorten the 40-hour workweek?
Teachers should be paid as much as doctors.
The development of artificial intelligence will help humanity.
The government should provide free birth control.
The sale of human organs should be legalized.
The voting age should be lowered to 13.
Unpaid internships should be against the law.
We're living in a dystopian society.
What is the best source of renewable energy?
What is the best way to break up with somebody?
What's better: traditional or online education?
Which are better: cats or dogs?
Which are better: the Winter Olympics or the Summer Olympics?
Which season is the best?
