60s, 70s, 80s, 90s: Which decade do you love the most and why?
A genie appears and grants you a wish for someone else in the world. Who and what do you make a wish for?
Are bacon bits a seasoning?
Are dogs’ front limbs arms or legs?
Are noodles pasta?
Are there any aspects of your personality that hold you back? How do you adapt?
Are there any interesting things your name spells with the letters rearranged?
Are tomatoes a fruit?
Are you a back seat driver?
Are you a cat person or a dog person?
Are you a dog person or a cat person?
Are you a good dancer?
Are you a listener or a talker?
Are you a morning person or a night person?
Are you an early bird or night owl?
Are you a traveler or a homebody?
Are you more productive in the morning or at night?
Are you sunrise, daylight, twilight, or nighttime? Why?
Are you team Android or team Apple?
As a child, what did you want to be when you grew up?
Be honest, how often do you work from bed?
Best book you’ve ever read?
Best professional development book you’ve ever read?
Blue and black dress, or white and gold?
Can lone wolves be part of a team?
Can you give a tour of your office space?
Can you play any instruments? If not, what do you wish you could play?
Choose one famous person from history you want on your team during a zombie apocalypse.
Coffee or tea?
Complete the sentence "I wish everyone could..."
Could Jack have fit on the door with Rose in the Titanic?
Describe an experience in your life that changed your values?
Describe a time you laughed so hard you thought you would cry, or when you did cry. What was so funny?
Describe England in one word?
Describe the best teacher you have had so far.
Describe the person to your left in one word?
Describe the sun in one word?
Describe the worst movie you’ve ever watched?
Describe your breakfast in one word?
Describe your car in one word?
Describe your dream holiday if money was no limit?
Describe your dream house.
Describe your dream wedding if money was no object?
Describe your fashion trend in one word?
Describe your house in one word?
Describe your in-laws in one word?
Describe yourself in one word?
Describe your weekend in one word?
Describe your worst day ever
Did you ever have an imaginary friend? If so, what was its name?
Does the person flying in the middle seat get both armrests?
Does your car have a name? What is it?
Does your current car have a name? What is it?
Do prefer a pop-quiz or end of year exam?
Do prefer working from home or the office?
Do you care about your astrological sign?
Do you collect anything?
Do you eat rice with a spoon, fork, chopsticks, or some other way?
Do you fold your pizza?
Do you have a dedicated office space at home?
Do you have a favorite mug? Let us see it and explain why you love it.
Do you have a favorite plant?
Do you have a favorite song to listen to when you need your spirits lifted?
Do you have an imaginary friend?
Do you have a non-work goal you're working towards right now? What is it?
Do you have any family traditions that you look forward to each year?
Do you have any hidden talents?
Do you have any hidden talents? What can you do?
Do you have any mentors or people you look up to? Tell us about one of them.
Do you have any pets as in-house colleagues?
Do you have any routines you use to improve your energy and focus?
Do you have houseplants in your office?
Do you have siblings? How many? Where do you fit in the mix?
Do you know how to speak more than one language?
Do you like reality tv shows?
Do you listen to the news?
Do you love working from home or in the office? Is there a balance of both that you like best?
Do you love working from home or would you rather be in the office? Is there a balance of both that you like best?
Do you play any instruments?
Do you play any sports?
Do you play video games?
Do you prefer big dogs or small dogs?
Do you prefer books or films?
Do you prefer cardio or weight lifting?
Do you prefer cats or dogs?
Do you prefer fruits or vegetables?
Do you prefer hot chocolate or tea?
Do you prefer mornings or nights?
Do you prefer nights out or nights in?
Do you prefer summer or winter?
Do you prefer sweet or savory?
Do you prefer the pool or the beach?
Do you prefer to dress smart or casual?
Do you speak any languages besides English? Is there a reason you learned it?
Do you think you could live without your smartphone (or other technology item) for 24 hours?
Do you watch any TV shows that you pretend you don’t watch when people ask?
Do you work better with or without music? What are you listening to while you work?
For what in your life do you feel most grateful?
Have you been pleasantly surprised by anything recently?
Have you ever been bungee jumping?
Have you ever been in a movie, TV show, or play? What was your role?
Have you ever been mistaken for someone famous?
Have you ever been to a comedy show?
Have you ever been told you look like someone famous, who was it?
Have you ever completed anything on your “bucket list”?
Have you ever experienced a culture shock? Where was it and what happened?
Have you ever had an imaginary friend?
Have you ever met anyone famous?
Have you ever met your idol?
Have you ever met your idol or someone you revere greatly?
Have you ever pretended you didn’t see somebody to avoid talking to them?
Have you ever told someone Santa is not real?
Have you ever won something as a team?
Have you learned any useful productivity hacks recently?
Heard any good tips lately?
How deep does a pan have to be before it is considered a pot?
How do you get motivated for difficult tasks?
How do you like to sit in a chair?
How do you like your eggs?
How do you like your potatoes?
How do you recognize when you’re stressed?
How do you stay productive and motivated working virtually?
How have you changed in the last year?
How many cups of coffee, tea, or beverage-of-choice do you have each morning?
How many holes does a straw have?
How many languages can you speak?
How tall are you?
How would you describe your communication style in 3 words?
How would you describe your sense of humor?
How would you rate your laugh out of 10?
How would your best friend describe you?
If aliens landed on earth tomorrow and offered to take you home with them, would you go?
If a movie was made of your life what genre would it be, who would play you?
If a tree falls in the woods and nothing is there to hear it, did it make a sound?
If a turtle doesn’t have a shell, is it homeless or naked?
If buying groceries were a game, what would be one of the loading screen tips?
If extraterrestrials landed on earth and offered to take you with them, would you go?
If extraterrestrials landed on earth, who would you recommend as their first point of contact and why?
If I handed you a plane ticket right now to anywhere in the world, where would you go?
If I visited your hometown, what local spots would you suggest I see?
If money and time were no object, what would you be doing right now?
If someone gifted you a gift card to any store, where would you want it to be for?
If someone offered you a million dollars to give up your smartphone forever, would you do it?
If that wasn’t your major, what would your major be?
If tomato is a fruit, is ketchup a jam?
If you could add anyone to Mount Rushmore who would it be and why?
If you could add anyone to Mount Rushmore who would it be; why?
If you could add a word to the dictionary what would you add and what would it mean?
If you could audition for a talent TV show, what song would you pick and why?
If you could be a kitchen appliance, what one would you be and why?
If you could be any animal in the world, what animal would you choose to be?
If you could be any supernatural creature, what would you be and why?
If you could be any supernatural creature, which would you pick?
If you could be anywhere in the world right now, where would you be?
If you could become a supernatural creature at night, what would it be, and why?
If you could be fluent in another language instantly, which would you choose, and why?
If you could be friends with any celebrity, who would it be?
If you could be guaranteed one thing in life (besides money), what would it be?
If you could be immortal, what age would you choose to stop aging at and why?
If you could be in any movie, what would it be and what character would you play?
If you could be in the Guinness book of world records, what record-breaking feat would you attempt?
If you could be on a reality TV show, which one would you choose and why?
If you could be one other person, who would that person be and why?
If you could be the funniest or smartest person in the room, which would you choose?
If you could be the world’s best athlete in any sport, which one would it be any why?
If you could bring back a fashion trend, what would it be?
If you could bring back a fashion trend, what would it be, and why?
If you could bring back any fashion trend what would it be?
If you could change anything about the way you were raised, what would it be?
If you could change places with anyone in the world, who would it be and why?
If you could choose any name besides your name, what would you choose?
If you could choose any person from history to be your imaginary friend, who would it be and why?
If you could choose any two famous people to have dinner with who would they be?
If you could choose your age forever, what age would you choose and why?
If you could commit any crime and get away with it what would you choose and why?
If you could describe your life as a movie, what genre would it be?
If you could do anything in the world as your career, what would you do?
If you could donate a million dollars to any charity, what cause would you choose?
If you could do something that you don’t because it’s bad for you, but you could do it without repercussions – what would you do?
If you could either live where it only snows or the temperature never falls below 100 degrees, which would it be?
If you could eliminate one thing from your daily routine, what would it be and why?
If you could get rid of any current trend, what would it be and why?
If you could give a piece of advice to your younger self, what would it be?
If you could go back in time 10,000 years ago and make a cave painting to confuse everyone in the future, what would you draw?
If you could go back in time and make little changes to your childhood, what is one thing you’d learn so you could be an expert at it today?
If you could go back in time and pay more attention in one class, what would it be?
If you could go to Mars, would you? Why or why not?
If you could hang out with any cartoon character, who would you choose and why?
If you could have an animal sidekick, what animal would it be? Why?
If you could have an endless supply of food, what would it be?
If you could have an extra hour of free time everyday, how would you use it?
If you could have an unlimited supply of one food or drink, what would it be?
If you could have an unlimited supply of one thing for the rest of your life, what would it be any why?
If you could have any animal for a pet, what would it be?
If you could have any super human power, what would it be?
If you could have any superpower, what would it be?
If you could have any unlimited supply of one thing for the rest of your life, what would you pick?
If you could have lunch with any public figure, dead or alive, who would it be?
If you could have one superpower today, what would it be, and for what purpose?
If you could have someone follow you around all the time, like a personal assistant, what would you have them do?
If you could have the power of teleportation right now, where would you go and why?
If you could have your own TV show, what would it be about?
If you could immediately gain one skill, what would it be?
If you could instantly become an expert in something, what would it be?
If you could instantly know any other language, which would it be and why?
If you could instantly learn a new talent, what would it be?
If you could keep only one part of your morning routine, what would it be?
If you could know the absolute and total truth to one question, what question would you ask?
If you could learn one new personal skill, what would it be?
If you could learn one new professional skill, what would it be?
If you could live anywhere in the world for a year, where would it be?
If you could live in another historical period, would you? If so, which one?
If you could live in any country, where would you live?
If you could live in any country, which country would you pick?
If you could live in any state, which state would you pick?
If you could live in any TV show, what would it be?
If you could live in one fictional universe, which one would you choose?
If you could live in the 60s, 70s, 80s, or 90s, which would you choose and why?
If you could live with any fictional character, who would you choose?
If you could magically become fluent in any language, what would it be?
If you could meet any historical figure, who would you choose and why?
If you could only eat one dessert for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you could only listen to once album for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you could only listen to one song for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you could only watch one movie for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you could only watch three movies for the rest of your life, what would they be?
If you could open an office anywhere in the world, where would it be?
If you could pick up a new skill in an instant what would it be?
If you could pick up a new skill in an instant, what would it be?
If you could play any Olympic sport, which would it be?
If you could rename yourself, what name would you pick?
If you could rid the world of one thing, what would it be?
If you could safely eat any inedible object, what would it be?
If you could say one thing to the entire world right now, what would you say?
If you could see one movie again for the first time, what would it be and why?
If you could speak another language, what would it be?
If you could switch lives with anyone for a day, who would it be?
If you could take 3 things to a desert island what would they be?
If you could teleport anywhere in the world, where would you go right now?
If you could travel anywhere for a holiday, where would it be and why?
If you could travel back in time to meet your ancestors or to the future to meet your descendants, which would you pick?
If you could try any food, what would it be?
If you could write a book that was guaranteed to be a best seller, what would you write?
If you could write a book, what genre would you write it in? Mystery? Thriller? Romance? Historical fiction? Non-fiction?
If you did not have to sleep, how would you spend the extra 8 hours?
If you had 25 hours each day, how would you use your extra time?
If you had a magic button on your desk to bring you whatever you wanted, what would it summon?
If you had a million dollars, what would be the first thing you bought?
If you had a million dollars, what would you buy first?
If you had an entrance song play every time you entered a room, what would it be?
If you had a time machine, would go back in time or into the future?
If you had a time machine, would you go back in time to meet your ancestors, or forward in time to meet your descendants?
If you had to be transformed into one household item, what would it be and why?
If you had to choose only one holiday to celebrate each year, which would it be and why?
If you had to delete all but 3 apps from your smartphone, which ones would you keep?
If you had to describe how you’re feeling right now as an amusement park ride, what ride are you on?
If you had to describe how you’re feeling right now as a weather pattern, what’s your forecast?
If you had to eat a crayon, what color would you choose? Why?
If you had to eat one meal everyday for the rest of your life what would it be?
If you had to eat one meal every day for the rest of your life what would it be and why?
If you had to eat only one dish for the rest of time, what would it be?
If you had to give a lecture on one thing, what would it be?
If you had to give up one food forever, what would it be?
If you had to lose all your memories, which one would want to lose last?
If you had to sing karaoke right now, which song would you pick?
If you had to teach a class on one thing, what would you teach?
If you had to write a textbook, what would it be on?
If you had unlimited time and resources, how would you spend your days?
If you mix dirt and water, are you making water dirty or dirt wet?
If you ran the world, what’s one thing you’d change?
If you’re not from this city, why did you end up here?
If your home was packed full of golf balls how would you remove them?
If your pet could talk, what do you think it would say?
If you were a cocktail, which would you be?
If you were a fridge, what item would you hate to hold? What item would you love to hold?
If you were a potato, what way would you like to be cooked?
If you were a superhero what would your name be?
If you were a superhero what would your superpower be and why?
If you were a takeaway food, what would sum up your day and why?
If you were a vegetable, what vegetable would you be and why?
If you were a wrestler what would be your entrance theme song?
If you were coming out onto a stage, what would your entrance song be?
If you were famous, what would you be famous for?
If you were forced to participate in a flash dance, what song would you perform to and why?
If you were forced to sing karaoke, what song would you choose and why?
If you were forced to watch reruns of a favorite show, which would you choose?
If you were going to be frozen tomorrow for a one-way 1000-year interstellar voyage, what would you most want to communicate (and to whom) before you leave?
If you were invisible for a day, what would you do?
If you were left on a deserted island with either your worst enemy or no one, which would you choose? Why?
If you weren’t in this career, what could you see yourself doing?
If you were reincarnated as an animal what would you choose and why?
If you were setting off to Mars and could take only one luxury item with you, what would it be?
If you were stranded on a desert island, what three items would you want to have with you?
Imagine you are a professional baseball player. What is your introduction song?
Imagine you can instantly learn any language. Which would you choose?
Imagine you could teleport anywhere. Where would you go right now?
Imagine you no longer have to work. How would you spend a Tuesday?
Is a fritter a donut?
Is a hotdog a sandwich?
Is a thumb a finger?
Is cereal a soup?
Is cheesecake a cake or a pie?
Is Die Hard a Christmas movie?
Is GIF pronounced gift (with a silent “t”) or jif (like the peanut butter)?
Is it better to be late for work or to leave early?
Is it ever OK to waste time?
Is soap clean or dirty?
Is there any topic lately that you would like to be mentored on?
Is water wet?
It’s your first day on the job as an evil villain. What’s the first piece of mischief you commit?
Look around and assess how satisfied you are with your physical workspace. What’s one thing you love about it?
Make a choice: Never hear music again or lose the ability to read?
Name a healthy food you enjoy and an unhealthy food that you find hard to resist.
Name an imaginary college class you wish you had taken.
Name a TV show you think is under-rated. Describe it in a sentence.
Name one cool feature you would add to your dream house.
Name one thing still on your bucket list.
Name three things you and your partner have in common.
On a scale of 1 – 10, how much of a team player are you?
Pick any band to play at your funeral.
Pick your favorite decade. Tell us why.
Popcorn or M&Ms?
Pull out your phone; what is your most used emoji?
Road trip or plane trip?
Say you’re independently wealthy and don’t have to work, what would you do with your time?
Should pineapple go on pizza?
Should toilet paper be hung over or under?
Should you recline your seat on a flight?
Show us something in your space that you really like.
Show us the weirdest thing you have in the room with you right now.
Show us your cell phone wallpaper. Is there a story behind it?
Show us your most-used emoji.
Show us your office space!
Show us your phone background and tell the story behind why you picked this image.
Snow, sand, or other?
Spotify or Apple Music?
Sweet or savory?
Teleportation or flying?
Tell me an embarrassing story about yourself.
Tell us about a stranger you still remember. What made them memorable?
Tell us about your worst haircut ever.
Tell us one big problem you’ve had to solve this year?
There is a free, round-trip shuttle to Mars. The catch: it will take one year of your life to go, visit, and come back. Are you in?
The zombie apocalypse is coming, who are 3 people you want on your team?
The zombie apocalypse is coming. Who are three people you want on your team?
Using just one word, name something that drives your success?
Were the Spice Girls a good team?
What about showers? Do you prefer morning or night?
What actor or actress would you want to play you in the movie about your life?
What age do you wish you could be permanently?
What album could you listen to over and over again and not get sick of?
What animal best represents you today, and why?
What animal represents you?
What animal would you chose to be?
What are some strategies that you’ve found to be helpful in your recent work?
What are you doing when you feel most alive?
What are you drinking right now? If nothing, what was the last thing you drank?
What are you excited about this week? What worries you?
What are you grateful for today?
What are you most excited about this year?
What are you nostalgic about recently?
What are your biggest phobias?
What are you reading right now?
What artists have you seen live? Which was the best?
What book changed your worldview the most?
What book did you read that changed your life the most?
What book do you bring along on airplanes?
What book, movie read/seen recently you would recommend and why?
What book would you like to live in?
What boundaries have you set to ensure that you unplug from work?
What breed of dog would you be?
What bucket list item do you most want to check off in the next six months?
What career do you want?
What celebrity do most people say you look like?
What celebrity do you not like that everyone else loves?
What clubs were you a member of in high school?
What coffee do you drink in your morning meeting?
What color are mirrors?
What color best describes your personality today?
What crazy activities do you dream of trying someday?
What criteria helps you decide whether to say ‘no’ to something or commit to it?
What current fact about your life would most impress your five year old self?
What current fact about your life would most impress your five-year-old self?
What did you eat for breakfast?
What did you have for breakfast this morning?
What did you name your first car?
What did you want to be when you grew up?
What does friendship mean to you?
What does it feel like to be you right now?
What does your favorite shirt look like?
What does your morning routine look like when working from home?
What does your typical work from home uniform look like?
What dog breed would you be?
What do you admire most in a work colleague?
What do you call your grandparents?
What do you do when you get a holiday gift you hate?
What do you enjoy most about what you spend your time on?
What do you miss about kindergarten?
What do your parents think you do for work?
What do you think the most important thing is for a workplace to have?
What do you think you contribute most to the workplace?
What do you usually eat for lunch?
What do you value most in a friendship?
What drink best describes you today?
What emoji best describes how you are feeling right now?
What emoji best describes you?
What emoji represents you today and why?
What fashion trend would you bring back?
What fictional family would you be a member of?
What fictional family would you most like to join?
What fictional world or place would you like to visit?
What fictional world would you most like to live in?
What food will you never eat?
What fruit or vegetable represents your mood today?
What fruit or vegetable would you most want to be?
What healthy food tastes just as good to you as unhealthy food?
What help could you most use that you haven’t asked for?
What ice cream flavor sums up your personality today?
What is a good way to give back to the community?
What is a holiday tradition you like?
What is a lesson you feel you learned too late in life?
What is an easy way to do something nice for someone?
What is an item on your bucket list?
What is one article of clothing that someone could wear that would make you walk out on a date with them?
What is one thing on the very top of your bucket list?
What is one thing we would never guess about you?
What is one thing you want older generations to know about teenagers today?
What is or was your major?
What is something we would not know about you just by looking?
What is something you accomplished as part of a team?
What is something you did at work that no-one noticed?
What is something you hate doing? Why?
What is something you like?
What is something you love doing? Why?
What is something you think is totally overrated?
What is something you’ve always wanted to do but haven’t done yet?
What is the best dish you can cook?
What is the best example of a community you have seen?
What is the best holiday treat?
What is the best piece of advice you have ever gotten at work?
What is the best romantic comedy?
What is the best thing you have bought so far this year?
What is the best work holiday?
What is the earliest book you remember?
What is the first gift you remember receiving?
What is the first lie you ever told?
What is the last TV show that you binge-watched?
What is the longest you’ve ever stayed in one job?
What is the most amazing story about your family?
What is the most embarrassing thing you’ve ever done?
What is the most feel-good film you’ve ever seen?
What is the most obscure superpower you would want?
What is the most unusual job you have heard of?
What is the most used emoji on your phone right now?
What is the reason you get up in the morning?
What is the strangest food you have tried? Would you eat it again?
What is the strangest gift you have ever received?
What is the strangest habit you have?
What is the worst advice you’ve ever given?
What is the worst food you ever eaten?
What is the worst grade you ever got?
What is the worst holiday you’ve ever been on?
What is the worst pick up line you’ve ever heard?
What is the worst trouble you go into as a kid?
What is your #1 recommendation in this city?
What is your absolute dream job?
What is your best idea for a new invention?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
What is your cellphone wallpaper?
What is your dream job?
What is your earliest memory of Christmas?
What is your earliest memory of teamwork?
What is your earliest memory of this job?
What is your favorite book genre to read?
What is your favorite breakfast food?
What is your favorite childhood gym activity?
What is your favorite color?
What is your favorite color and why?
What is your favorite dessert?
What is your favorite holiday?
What is your favorite holiday tradition?
What is your favorite ice cream flavor and ice cream topping?
What is your favorite item you’ve bought this year?
What is your favorite kitchen gadget?
What is your favorite knock-knock joke?
What is your favorite magical or mythological animal?
What is your favorite meal to cook and why?
What is your favorite memory with your best friend?
What is your favorite midnight snack?
What is your favorite movie?
What is your favorite movie genre to watch?
What is your favorite musical instrument?
What is your favorite musical instrument and why?
What is your favorite mythical creature?
What is your favorite part of working from home?
What is your favorite season?
What is your favorite seasoning?
What is your favorite smell and why?
What is your favorite song to sing?
What is your favorite sport or physical activity?
What is your favorite strange food combinations?
What is your favorite television network?
What is your favorite thing to do by yourself?
What is your favorite thing to do locally?
What is your favorite thing to eat for breakfast?
What is your favorite time of the day and why?
What is your favorite TV show?
What is your favorite type of cuisine?
What is your favorite type of ice cream?
What is your favorite type of sandwich?
What is your goal by the end of the decade?
What is your go-to karaoke anthem?
What is your go-to TV show to watch at night?
What is your guilty pleasure?
What is your idea of fun?
What is your most used emoji?
What is your most used phone app?
What is your New Years resolution?
What is your one piece of advice to everyone here?
What is your standard office lunch?
What is your worst dance move?
What is your worst personality characteristic?
What kind of reality show would you appear in?
What languages do you know how to speak?
What looks easy peasy lemon squeezy but is actually difficult difficult lemon difficult?
What movie do you think everyone should watch?
What movie do you wish you could watch again for the first time?
What new, or additional, skill do you think you need now to progress further?
What person from history would you add to Mount Rushmore?
What question do you wish people would ask you?
What reality show would you want to be on?
What recent social media trend makes you cringe?
What’s a book that affected you so deeply (emotionally or intellectually) that you still regularly think about it?
What’s a cause or purpose you deeply believe in?
What’s a food, smell, or sound that you associate with where you grew up?
What’s a food that always reminds you of childhood?
What’s a hobby or side project you’ve been meaning to take up?
What’s a landmark, popular destination, or local hangout spot that you either frequented or avoided when you were growing up?
What’s a movie you always recommend to people? Why do you love it?
What’s an adult problem nobody prepared you for?
What’s an adventurous thing you’ve done?
What’s an organization or private company you admire and why?
What’s an unusual skill you’d love to master?
What’s an unusual tradition you or your family have?
What’s a sauce, condiment or dressing you couldn’t live without?
What’s a simple life hack that everyone can benefit from?
What’s a small act of kindness you were once shown, that you’ll never forget?
What’s a thing you do that seems strange to others?
What’s a time when someone did something you appreciated (at work or in another context), but you didn’t let them know? What held you back?
What's a TV show you recommend to everyone?
What school subject is your favorite?
What school subject is your least favorite?
What season would you be?
What season would you be? Winter, Spring, Summer or Autumn?
What’s got your attention today, and why?
What simple thing still blows your mind?
What’s is one thing we don’t know about you?
What size shoes do you wear?
What small thing would improve your day today?
What smell or image triggers nostalgia for you?
What’s normal where you live, but might seem weird to the rest of the world?
What’s one activity that grants you pure escapism?
What’s one career you wish you could have?
What’s one characteristic you admire in others?
What’s one country you would love to visit and why?
What’s one frequently used word that you can’t stand?
What’s one of the biggest risks you’ve taken in your career? How do you feel about having taken it?
What's one of your earliest memories?
What’s one of your favorite recent memories?
What's one of your pet peeves?
What’s one piece of advice you wish you’d gotten sooner?
What’s one possession or tool that enhances your daily life?
What’s one productivity tool you couldn’t live without, and what makes it indispensable?
What’s one project that you could stop doing to give yourself more focus?
What's one recent thing or experience that exceeded your expectations?
What’s one rule your parents or guardians enforced when you were a kid?
What’s one skill that helps you successfully work remotely?
What’s one thing many people hate, but you love?
What’s one thing that brings you energy and joy?
What’s one thing we could do to improve our virtual meetings?
What’s one thing you are unbeatable at?
What’s one thing your parents or guardians always nagged you about?
What’s one thing you’ve been procrastinating on and can’t finish?
What’s one thing you want to do in life, but don’t know where to start?
What’s one thing you wish could be automated in your job?
What’s one thing you wish you’d been taught in school?
What song describes your life right now?
What song or album could you listen to on repeat?
What sparked your curiosity in whatever you’re most curious about now?
What sport would you compete in if you were in the Olympics?
What’s something from your childhood that you still love today?
What’s something interesting about your family history?
What’s something new or interesting you’ve learned recently?
What’s something new you’ve learned about yourself in the last three months?
What’s something on your desk, a nearby wall, or out the window that cheers you up during the day?
What’s something our team is good at?
What’s something people don’t know about you?
What’s something that doesn’t deserve the hate it gets?
What’s something that made you smile recently?
What’s something that puts you in a state of flow?
What's something that you've never learned to do?
What's something you admire about the people on our team?
What's something you are craving right now?
What’s something you are really proud of accomplishing?
What’s something you couldn’t live without?
What’s something you do to relieve anger or stress?
What’s something you like to do whenever you travel to a new country?
What’s something you love that people wouldn’t expect?
What's something you rebelled against as a kid?
What’s something you’re looking forward to, and why?
What’s something you’re worried about?
What’s something you simply could never eat?
What’s something you’ve drawn inspiration from recently?
What's something you were really into as a kid?
What’s something you wish you’d learned earlier in life?
What’s something you would change if you ran the world?
What’s the best advice you’ve ever given?
What’s the best book you’ve ever read? Why?
What’s the best gift you’ve ever given anyone? What’s the worst?
What’s the best phrase or piece of slang people in your hometown use?
What’s the best piece of advice you have ever been given?
What’s the best piece of advice you’ve ever been given?
What’s the craziest thing you have ever done?
What’s the greatest TV show ever made?
What’s the hardest part about working virtually for you? The easiest?
What’s the last book you quit reading, and why?
What’s the last great TV show or movie you wanted?
What’s the last thing you completed that you’re proud of?
What’s the last thing you did for the first time?
What’s the last thing you got in “trouble” for?
What’s the most binge-able show you’ve ever watched?
What’s the most embarrassing fashion trend you used to rock?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you ever accidentally messaged to somebody?
What’s the most important thing to remember daily that you haven’t been able to?
What’s the most out-of-character thing you’ve ever done?
What’s the most recent movie you’ve seen, both at home and in theaters? Would you recommend them?
What’s the most useful item you’ve purchased this year?
What’s the most useful thing you own?
What’s the next item on your bucket list?
What’s the scariest movie you’ve ever seen? Funniest? Saddest?
What’s the weirdest food you’ve ever eaten?
What’s the weirdest thing in your fridge right now?
What’s the worst piece of advice you’ve ever been given? And why was it so bad?
What’s the worst TV show ever made?
What superpower would you most want?
What’s your best scar story?
What’s your best scary story?
What’s your biggest fear?
What’s your caffeinated beverage of choice? Coffee? Cola? Tea?
What’s your cellphone or computer wallpaper?
What's your current cellphone wallpaper?
What’s your dream car?
What’s your favorite animated movie?
What’s your favorite board game?
What's your favorite breakfast cereal or breakfast food?
What’s your favorite childhood holiday tradition?
What’s your favorite childhood memory?
What’s your favorite Disney movie?
What's your favorite family tradition?
What’s your favorite flower or plant?
What’s your favorite hobby?
What’s your favorite hobby right now? What’s a hobby you’ve always wanted to take up?
What’s your favorite holiday?
What’s your favorite holiday movie?
What’s your favorite—or least favorite—holiday song?
What’s your favorite place?
What’s your favorite place of all the places you’ve travelled?
What’s your favorite plant?
What’s your favorite podcast right now?
What’s your favorite quote?
What’s your favorite reality TV show?
What's your favorite ride at a theme park?
What’s your favorite sandwich and why?
What’s your favorite scent?
What’s your favorite social media platform?
What’s your favorite thing about the place you live?
What’s your favorite thing about your job?
What’s your favorite tradition or holiday?
What’s your favorite TV show and why?
What’s your favorite way to get in some exercise?
What's your go-to dance move?
What’s your go-to karaoke song?
What’s your go-to remote work outfit?
What’s your guilty pleasure right now?
What’s your guilty-pleasure song?
What’s your guilty pleasure TV show?
What's your guilty pleasure when you have free time during the week?
What's your middle name?
What’s your most treasured memory?
What’s your most-used emoji?
What’s your number one tip for combating distractions when working from home?
What’s your secret talent?
What’s your spirit animal this week?
What talent would you most like to grow and develop?
What thing from nature, excluding animals, best describes you today?
What three things would you like to accomplish this year?
What TV shows have you been watching lately?
What two things do you consider yourself to be very bad at?
What two things do you consider yourself to be very good at?
What type of music do you prefer?
What vegetable is best with cheese?
What was one new experience you tried that was completely unknown or uncomfortable to you at the time you tried it?
What was the country you last visited outside of United States?
What was the first concert or gig you ever attended?
What was the first team you were part of?
What was the first thing you bought with your own money?
What was the first thing you thought about when waking up today?
What was the first thing you thought about when you woke up this morning?
What was the first thing you thought about when you woke up today?
What was the last thing you ate?
What was the last thing you did that gave you child-like joy?
What was the last thing you fell in love with?
What was the last thing you gave 100% to?
What was the worst haircut you ever had?
What was the worst injury you ever had?
What was the worst job you ever had?
What was the worst job you've ever had?
What was the worst style choice you ever made?
What was the worst style or fashion trend you ever embraced?
What was your dream profession growing up?
What was your favorite band ten years ago?
What was your favorite breakfast as a kid?
What was your favorite cartoon show growing up?
What was your favorite class in school?
What was your favorite class in school? Why?
What was your favorite game to play as a child?
What was your favorite movie as a kid and why?
What was your favorite recent book or article, and what did it inspire?
What was your favorite recent meal, and why?
What was your favorite show as a kid?
What was your favorite subject in high school?
What was your favorite trip you went on?
What was your first car?
What was your first ever job?
What was your first job?
What was your first online screen name?
What was your last song on your Spotify / streaming music service?
What was your least favorite childhood chore and why?
What was your least favorite food as a child? Do you still hate it or do you love it now?
What was your least favorite food as a child? Why did you dislike it?
What weird food combinations do you really enjoy?
What were some of your favorite activities as a kid?
What would be the most surprising scientific discovery imaginable?
What would be your campaign slogan if you were running for office?
What would it take to give up your smartphone for a month?
What would the title of your autobiography be?
What would you do if you came home and found a penguin in your freezer?
What would you do if you have all the money in the world?
What would you do if you knew you could not fail?
What would you like to be known or remembered for?
What would your dream house be like?
What would your entrance theme song be?
What would your superpower be and why?
What would your talent be if you were Miss or Mister World?
What year would you visit if you had a time machine?
When did you last cry in front of another person? By yourself?
When’s the last time you went somewhere for the first time?
When was the last time you did something for the first time?
When was the last time you felt unbounded optimism?
When you die, what do you want to be remembered for?
When you’re feeling stressed, how do you deal with it?
When you’re not at work, what are your passions?
When you were a child, what was your biggest dream?
When you were six years old, what did you want to be when you grow up?
When you were young what cartoon would you get up early to watch?
When you were young what show would you get up early to watch on TV?
Where did you grow up?
Where did you grow up and what was it like?
Where do you feel most at home?
Where do you see yourself going in the company?
Where do you want to retire?
Where do you work most frequently from at home? Your office? Your kitchen table? The backyard? Your bed?
Where is your favorite vacation spot?
Where would you build your dream home?
Which actor or actress do you think deserves an Oscar but doesn’t have one yet?
Which actor would you want to play you in the movie about your life?
Which are better, cookies or brownies?
Which band / artist – dead or alive would play at your funeral?
Which bucket list item do you most want to check off this year?
Which cartoon character do you wish was real?
Which celebrity has your favorite social media presence?
Which celebrity was your childhood crush?
Which class do you wish your school offered?
Which class is your favorite?
Which do you prefer, oceans or mountains? Why?
Which fictional character would you want by your side during a zombie apocalypse?
Which fictional team is the best team of all time?
Which holiday song is your favorite?
Which letter is silent in the word “scent”, the “s” or the “c”?
Which month were you born?
Which movie made you laugh the most?
Which musician, alive or dead, do you wish you could see perform?
Which of Snow White’s seven dwarfs describes you best (Bashful, Doc, Dopey, Grumpy, Happy, Sleepy or Sneezy)?
Which question can you ask to find out the most about a person?
Which real team is the best team of all time?
Which song could you listen to over and over again?
Which super power do you want?
Which superpower would you give to your arch enemy?
Which trap in Home Alone was the best?
Who has made a positive difference in your life recently?
Who in your life has inspired you most?
Who is someone in your community that makes a difference?
Who is the most famous person you have met?
Who is your favorite author?
Who is your favorite cartoon character?
Who is your favorite Disney character?
Who is your favorite Disney hero or heroine? Would you trade places with them?
Who on the team would you like to swap jobs with for a day?
Who’s an ex-colleague from this job or another that you still think about?
Who’s someone you really admire?
Who’s the most famous person you’ve ever met?
Who’s the toughest person you have to buy for during the holidays?
Who’s your favorite celebrity?
Who’s your favorite superhero?
Who was the best batman?
Who was the last person you felt inspired by?
Who was your childhood actor/actress crush?
Who was your childhood actor or actress crush?
Who was your childhood famous crush?
Who was your favorite pet?
Who would you want on your team in a zombie apocalypse?
Why do people say “slept like a baby” when babies wake up all the time in the middle of the night?
Why do we say pair of paints, when it’s just one article of clothing?
Why is it called quick sand if you sink slowly in it?
Would it be better to start work five years later or end five years earlier?
Would you go in the mother-ship with aliens if they landed on Earth tomorrow?
Would you go to space if you knew that you could never come back to earth?
Would you go with aliens if they beamed down to Earth?
Would you join a community in space if it was permanent?
Would you let aliens beam you up if they came to Earth?
Would you like to be famous? In what way?
Would you prefer to always be slightly late or always be an hour early?
Would you rather always be cold or always be hot?
Would you rather always be slightly late or super early?
Would you rather always have a full phone battery or a full gas tank?
Would you rather always have B.O. and not know it or always smell B.O. on everyone else?
Would you rather be able to run at 100 miles per hour or fly at 10 miles per hour?
Would you rather be able to swim underwater limitlessly or fly?
Would you rather be able to take back anything you say or hear any conversation that is about you?
Would you rather be a detective or a scientist?
Would you rather be a kid your entire life or be an adult?
Would you rather be always stuck in traffic but find a perfect parking spot or never hit traffic but always take forever to park?
Would you rather be an Avenger or a Power Ranger?
Would you rather be an Olympic gold medalist or an astronaut?
Would you rather be a superhero or the world’s best chef?
Would you rather be chronically under-dressed or overdressed?
Would you rather be forced to sing along or dance to every single song you hear?
Would you rather be funny or clever?
Would you rather be in a zombie apocalypse or a robot apocalypse?
Would you rather be in jail for five years or be in a coma for a decade?
Would you rather be on a survival reality show or dating show?
Would you rather be reincarnated as a cat or a dog?
Would you rather be the funniest or smartest person in the room?
Would you rather be too hot or too cold?
Would you rather buy 10 things you don’t need every time you go shopping or always forget the one thing that you need when you go to the store?
Would you rather detect every lie you hear or get away with every lie you tell?
Would you rather do a large project independently or as part of a team?
Would you rather explore outer space or the bottom of the ocean?
Would you rather fart or burp glitter?
Would you rather for your birthday, receive cash or gifts?
Would you rather get a hand-written card or a phone call?
Would you rather get a paper cut every time you turn a page or bite your tongue every time you eat?
Would you rather give up your cellphone for a month or bathing for a month?
Would you rather give up your smartphone or your computer?
Would you rather go deep-sea diving or bungee jumping?
Would you rather go for a run or go for a hike?
Would you rather go to a house party or a bar?
Would you rather go to the movie theaters or watch a movie from home?
Would you rather have a pause or a rewind button in your life?
Would you rather have a pet sloth or a pet parrot?
Would you rather have everyone you know be able to read your thoughts or for everyone you know to have access to your Internet history?
Would you rather have invisibility or flight?
Would you rather have no arms or no legs?
Would you rather have telekinesis (the ability to move things with your mind) or telepathy (the ability to read minds)?
Would you rather have the ability to see 10 minutes into the future or 150 years into the future?
Would you rather have to wear every shirt inside out or every pair of pants backward?
Would you rather have to wear sweatpants everywhere for the rest of your life or never wear sweatpants again?
Would you rather hear holiday-themed music forever, or never heard it again?
Would you rather join Metallica or Backstreet Boys?
Would you rather know the answer to every trivia question or the lyric to every song?
Would you rather listen to your least favorite song on a loop for a year or never listen to any music at all for a year?
Would you rather live 100 years in the past or 100 years in the future?
Would you rather live at the North Pole or the South Pole?
Would you rather live in a city or a town?
Would you rather live in a remote destination or the heart of a metropolitan city?
Would you rather live in the ocean or on the moon?
Would you rather live where it only snows or the temperature never falls below 100 degrees?
Would you rather live without heat and AC or live without social media?
Would you rather lose all of your money or all of your pictures?
Would you rather lose the ability to read or lose the ability to speak?
Would you rather lose your sight or hearing?
Would you rather meet your travel back in time to meet your ancestors or to the future to meet your descendants?
Would you rather never be able to go out during the day or never be able to go out at night?
Would you rather receive a shoutout from the CEO at a company all-hands meeting or a private word of thanks from them?
Would you rather smell with your hands or talk with your feet?
Would you rather someone took a boring task off your to-do list or invited you to participate in a project of great interest to you?
Would you rather speak all languages or be able to speak to animals?
Would you rather spend a three-week trip visiting multiple interesting destinations or one interesting destination?
Would you rather spend a week in the forest or a night in a real haunted house?
Would you rather swim in a pool full of Nutella or a pool full of maple syrup?
Would you rather take a cold shower every day or always sleep an hour less than you need?
Would you rather talk like Yoda or breathe like Darth Vader?
Would you rather trapped in an elevator or stuck on a suspension bridge?
Would you rather travel back in time to meet your ancestors or would you rather go to the future to meet your descendants?
Would you rather travel by train or travel by plane?
Would you rather travel the world for free for a year or have $50,000 to spend however you please?
Would you rather travel to a beach destination or ski resort?
Would you rather travel to space or travel to the past?
Would you rather visit a volcano or a rainforest?
Would you rather watch a TV show or watch YouTube?
Would you rather win the lottery but have to spend it all in one day or triple your current salary forever?
Would you show everyone in this meeting your browser history?
Would you support “National Avocado Day” as a work holiday?
Would you want to have an imaginary friend today? Did you have one as a child?
Would you want to have a personal assistant follow you around everywhere and do what you asked of them?
You are stranded on a remote desert island. Are you alone or with your worst enemy?
You are the best criminal mastermind in the world. What crime would you commit if you knew you would get away with it?
You can have an unlimited supply of one thing for the rest of your life, what is it? Sushi? Scotch Tape?
You can have anyone fictional as your imaginary friend, who do you choose and why?
You can only eat one food again for the rest of your life. What is it?
You can visit any fictional time or place. Which would you pick?
You have to sing karaoke, what song do you pick?
You have your own late night talk show, who do you invite as your first guest?
You have your own late-night talk show. Who do you invite as your first guest?
You’re cooking for the whole team, what is your signature dish?
You’re going sail around the world, what’s the name of your boat?
You’re going sail around the world. What’s the name of your boat?
You’re on a desert island and can bring one luxury with you – what is it?
You've been chosen to represent your country in a global competition. What sport or activity are you doing?
You’ve been granted a one-way ticket to another country of your choice. Where are you going?
You’ve been teleported to the middle ages. How do you make a living there?
You’ve died but instead of entering the afterlife, you've entered Earth 2.0. What are some things that make Earth 2.0 better?
